Nouns DAO is an example of classic ethereum project, reminding Ether Rocks, but mature and complex enough to handle live DAO interactions for a significant time. It was interesting to learn from it, especially V1, 2, 3 evolution, and I spend about a week learning the code.

One of the main trade-offs for the project in general, as I see it, is a balance between having a centralized governance and being subject to all kinds of majority attacks. This is actually a cornerstone point for the development of the forked DAOs as in the absence of governance the fear of majority driven actions will drive participants to use it for funds pulling only via quit(). While it is the main immediate use case for V3, it will be interesting to watch how the most forks will unfold in this regard, i.e. after the first wave of quit()s what become prevalent scheme, new fully functioning DAOs with somewhat different focus compared with the original one (I didn't followed its community, but can imagine that there were a substantial range of ideas of what should be done differently surfaced during the last months of its existence), or it will stay just a venue of rage quits for funds pulling here and there. In that matter I would suggest to monitor these processed closely and possibly lower the fork threshold as many good ideas start with quite a few early supporters and 20% can prohibit many of them.

 Also, it should be noted, as proposals are subject to general voting, it is nouns holders education, both for original and especially for the forked DAOs, should remain the key scheme for the project as it is quite easy to pull a nice enough looking proposal that actually can kill the project. For example, a forked DAO can go on without veto power long enough for malicious majority to form and execute a kind of 51% attack. This is equivalent to renouncing veto power in the original DAO, but renouncing is an action, whose harm is somewhat easy to explain, while not creating a veto power in the first place is a more conformist way to go, and its dangers might not be evident enough for fork DAO members until its too late. This is interesting social coordination experiment ongoing.

### Time spent:
7 hours